docs: add rfdos warning (#166)
coreruleset/documentation: content/deployment/install.md

In many scenarios, the default example CRS configuration will be a good enough starting point. It is, however, a good idea to take the time to look through the example configuration file *before* deploying it to make sure it's right for a given environment.

{{% notice warning %}}

> In particular, _Response_ rules are enabled by default. You must be aware that you might DoS yourself depending on the text your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular, _Response_ rules are enabled by default. You must be aware that you may vulnerable to RFDoS attacks, depending on the responses your
```

> application is sending back to the client. See [this blog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application is sending back to the client. You could be vulnerable, if your responses from your application can contain use input (e.g., comments on a blog post). See [this blog
```

post](https://blog.sicuranext.com/response-filter-denial-of-service-a-new-way-to-shutdown-a-website/)

> about the problems you might have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about the problems you could face.
```

> about the problems you might have.

Reviewer: In particular, _Response_ rules are enabled by default. You must be aware that you may be vulnerable to RFDoS attacks, depending on the responses your application is sending back to the client. You could be vulnerable, if your responses from your application can contain use input (e.g., comments on a blog post). See [this blog post](https://blog.sicuranext.com/response-filter-denial-of-service-a-new-way-to-shutdown-a-website/) about the problems you could face.

> There is an [experimental scanner](https://github.com/edoardottt/RFDos-Scanner) that uses [nuclei](https://github.com/projectdiscovery/nuclei?tab=readme-ov-file#install-nuclei) to find out if you could be affected. So if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an [experimental scanner](https://github.com/edoardottt/RFDos-Scanner) that uses [nuclei](https://github.com/projectdiscovery/nuclei?tab=readme-ov-file#install-nuclei) to find out if are affected. So if
```

> you are unsure, first test your application before enabling or you will be definitely blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you are unsure, first test your application before enabling the response rules, or risk accidentally blocking some valid responses.
```

> Response rules can be easily disabled by uncommenting the rule with id 900500 in crs-setup file,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Response rules can be easily disabled by uncommenting the rule with id `900500` in the `crs-setup.conf` file,
```

since CRS version 4.10.0.

> **The CRS team thinks that the prevalence of the RFDoS attack mentioned here at this particular moment
> (end of 2024) is less that the possible impact you might have by a webshell being embedded in your environment.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The CRS team believes that the damage that can be caused by webshells and information leakage outweighs the damage of RFDos attacks, in general. Thus, the response rules remain active in the default configuration for now.**
```
